　　　０／GODO
　　　　angel notes.
　　the metter of knight arms
　　　　…and over count 1999
　　　　　type:other


　The plane rises further up through the troposphere.
　The gray sea of clouds has yet to disappear.

　Wings made of iron fly through the lead-colored sky.
　Under the deadly mandate to eliminate a common enemy for the human species.

　After the battle, all but one of the aircraft involved in the operation were wiped out.
　I guess I was fortunate to have an autopilot that was treated like a rookie.
　Only this aircraft, whose pilot was not a human, was not affected by the enemy's body heat.

　I just keep flying by myself.
　The heartbeat of life echoing through the aircraft was, after all, only my own.

　Open the hanger and put the gun in place.
　The outside air coming into the aircraft was cold and burned my lungs.
　Airframe temperatures reach minus and thermal gear is only minimally effective.
　Levels that barely sustain life activity

　This aircraft, which originally only transported flying species, is not equipped for sniping.
　If we were going to fight, we had to cut our lives short.

　Extreme cold and stormy winds
　Behind me are the corpses of my friends with brain plasma overflowing from their ears and noses.
　I can't predict how long I'll be able to keep flying this old plane.
　The situation was so unrelentingly lousy that I wanted to start singing.

　With the black barrel reconfigured for sniping, he just waited and waited.
　The moment when the enemy's image is seen through the scope,
　Pull the trigger and ease into the moment.

　The in-flight time clock was stacked seven days on top of each other.
　It has only been seven days.
　My paralyzed head felt like I could wait another month or a year in this position.
　His body had been on the verge of dying for a long time.


　How many months have passed?
　Consciousness, too,
　Language,
　Myself,
　When I was mourning,
　We got it all back.
　The sight of the gun catches the "enemy".
　He pulled the trigger without hesitation.

　The brain's "noizui," which had been pushing the limits, burns out.
　A momentary pause to fall asleep,
　A brief pause before consciousness is painted white.
　It is true that I saw the enemy before he disappeared.
　What a surprise,
　Beautiful.


―――――Through a break in the clouds, an angel can be seen.
［＃改ページ］



　　　Notes.

　　　　　ⅰ Original Sin
　　　　　ⅱ Public Garden
　　　　　ⅲ Roman
　　　　　ⅳ After Images
　　　　　ⅴ How A Star Is Born
　　　　　ⅵ Glitter Love

［＃地付き］1999 May. K.nasu
［＃改ページ］