　　　１／Original Sin


　When I returned to my roost after work, I found an angel with a guitar in my room.
　......So, it seems I've finally gone crazy.
　She has long, wavy blond hair and a bright white one-piece dress. Her face still has a girlish childish appearance, and a halo of light floats above her head. If this is not an angel, what in the world is?
　"Good evening," the angel bowed with an awkward smile.
After rubbing my eyes, I went up to the room. The angel was standing in the center of the room, staring at me with his guitar in his hand.
　"Yes, my dear."
　"Yes, I'm an angel."
　Smiling, the angel said.
　"I know it when I see it. I'm asking why you're in my room. If you're selling, you're in the wrong room. Unfortunately, I don't make enough money to buy an angel."
　"I'm not trying to sell you anything. I'm not trying to sell you anything. I'd like to take care of you."
　"I'm just in time for you to leave."
　"I can't do that. I can do anything!""
　I let him clean his room because he was so proud of his chest.
The results were beyond disastrous.
　"Um, the food is perfect."
　The angel says, holding up his index finger.
　"No thanks. The food in the factory is not good for you. It's too nutritious, it breaks my blood vessels. Do you know what I mean?"
　The angel nodded. He seems to know that I am a human species that is not one of the 100 subspecies.
　"So what else can you do?"
　"I play guitar!"
　With a cheerful remark, the angel strums the guitar in his hand.
　The blue guitar is a guitar that uses electricity to make sounds, an item that would never suit an angel.
　And it's a heck of a job.
　"Just get out."
　He took the angel's hand and kicked it out the window.

　Days later, I went to the hospital. There is nothing wrong with your brain, the fish-faced doctor replied.
　It takes a lot of energy to get rid of the angels every day after work. Somewhere along the line, I had lost my patience with the angels.
　"The sky is dark," the angel mutters, looking up at the sky through the window.
　It seems that angels who do not even know such common sense are still not the artificial angels included in the 100 species of sublime.
　"Where did you come from? You're not from this side of the fault line, are you?"
　"I'm not Chalene."
　What is it then?
　"Because I am a thing made from the illusions of the humans who live in this city. That's why I am so beautiful. I'm glad that your minds are not dirty."
　The angel spun around, looking happy. The hem of her skirt shimmered like a dress.
　The way it was, it was indeed a fantasy. Angels are too beautiful to fit in this land of steel.
　The golden hair is too dazzling and looks conversely poisonous.
　Then is it---is it still an illusion that only I am seeing?
　"You know, everyone's fantasies. Whatever it is, they show up at my place."
　"Of course it's because you're the one who killed me!"
　The angel was more angry at the fact that he had not noticed it than the fact that he had killed it.
　When I asked him if it was for revenge, he replied, "What do you mean revenge?

　The angel was rather dexterous and slowly learned many things. He seemed to understand the meaning of cleaning properly now. The only exception would be with the guitar.
　"I'm not getting any better at playing the guitar. I'm playing exactly what I imagined, but it doesn't sound the same as the original song."
　I see, you had a song you wanted to play. Then it couldn't have gone better.
　"Of course it is. That guitar, it's not in tune."
　Yes, from the beginning, crazy.
　What is tuning?" the angel nodded his head.
［＃改ページ］