　　　２／Public Garden


　It has bird wings on its back and a humanoid female body. If the beauty of its form is combined with the fact that it is beautiful, the creature is called an angel.
　My job is to shoot and kill about 20 of those angels a day. So it was not unusual for me to be seen as an avenger by all the things called angels.

　　　　　…

　This area, where I moved to a year ago, was a unique town in the land of steel.
　On the surface of a dead planet, no vegetation grows. And yet, there are rat-colored trees growing all over the city, and even a meadow of dead-leaf-colored grass on a hill. Two large trees extend from the hill that is the center of the city and cover the sky of the city. These trees reached up to the sea of clouds and were called Sekaiju because of their immensity.

　　　　　…

　I chose angel hunting for my job.
　In this city, angels descend from the sky and attack humans every day. They are unintelligent creatures, resembling angels only in appearance. Even though they attack humans, they are as dangerous as wild dogs and do little actual harm.
　However, since the city would be filled with angels if left alone, the city's management committee had no choice but to provide an angel scavenger.
　Angels often fall in suburban forests, as if they have a specific place to fall.

　He pulls the trigger of the gun and catches the impact of the firing with his shoulder.
　The angel fell naked and fell to the ground, struck in the forehead.
　The forest ground is layered with fluttering leaves and countless dead angels.
　We crossed the bumpy ground, which made it difficult to walk, back into the walls surrounding the city. And a beastman in charge of a different department approached me, waving his hand.
"Yo. How's business?"
"It's no different than that one. Three coppers per fish. If you deduct the cost of bullets, it's less than one copper."
"Because you use a gun. If you're a man, use your body, use your body."
"I'm sorry, but unfortunately, I'm not built that strong. I have to take medicine to get oxygen from the outside, otherwise my body would be contaminated. It's all I can do just to stay alive."
"I see. It's inconvenient, being human."
"Yeah. It's inconvenient, being human."
　Yes. In the world, humans are definitely inconvenient.
　That is why people in the past used various kinds of ingenuity to create tools. The result of these efforts was the creation of the sublime, and the end result of these efforts was the Great War.
　Thus, pure people were weeded out.

　After we had more angels in our house, we decided to increase the area we were responsible for working.
　That angel eats things. Even though the materials made in the factory are supplied free of charge, they are also limited. We had no choice but to increase the daily quota from 20 to 30.
　How ironic that they kill more angels to feed ...... angels.
"You've been a hard worker lately, you know."
"I'm just venting my stress. Luckily, all the targets here are similar to the source of my stress, so I end up getting into this kind of nonsense work."
　When I spilled out my complaints in desperation, the beastman nodded his head in incomprehension.
"I like your work ethic. I hear the Knights have been inspecting the forest lately, so be careful. I heard that the magic swordsman is looking into you."
"---What's that? You mean even Aristotle is coming here?"
"I don't know, man. I'm talking about another pay cut this month. That's a more real life-and-death issue, isn't it?"
"Right. This is finally going to get the Fiscal Bureau to kill us, isn't it?"
"I haven't done anything wrong.
　Such neighbors are also prisoners who have indiscriminately murdered more than fifty human species.
　The beastman turned over with a sigh and stared at the angel's corpse scattered in the forest.
"Hey. Hey, can't we eat that?"
　I came up with a good idea.
"Don't do it. You'll get punched in the face."
　I shrugged my shoulders and gave the obvious response.
［＃改ページ］