　　　３／Roman


　On my way home from work, I was grabbed by an angel.
　Not the angel in my house, but the angel in the tree of the Sublei lineage.
　"You're not getting along with me these days, you know. You must be a cripple to refuse a drink from a beautiful woman like me."
　She takes him to the bar, pours him a glass of alcohol and says, "You're right, I've been having a lot of trouble with you lately. I don't remember talking to her for the past six months.
　While we were in the middle of a boring conversation, another customer was yelling at me in the field. A voice is directed at the angel, saying that she should be dealing with the subalterns rather than such a human species. I thought so, too, but she silenced the person who had made the comment by glaring at him.
　"I'm sorry," she said. "Do you feel bad?"
　"I don't feel good, but he's got a point. Why do you have to deal with me, you? You are in love in order to produce a stronger seed, right? I can't produce strong offspring."
　"It's fine if there is at least one exception. Besides, we are all about beauty on the outside. There are only a few Sublime that are close to the angelic species, and you are my favorite. No problem, really."
　She said as she sipped the purple fizz in her glass.
　Her figure is that of an angel itself. Her wings are not for flying, but for converging the heavy particles around her. Angelic species do not need wings to fly. The angelic species, which used to be the guardians of the six sisters known as the six sisters, are rumored to be on par with knights with magic swords in terms of combat ability.
　In other words, they are capable of destructive activities equivalent to nuclear missiles all by themselves.

　As the drinks progressed and I lost some of my identity, she asked me a funny question.
　"Hey. Why do you use a gun?"
She said, "You know what? Humans can't use djinn like Yarie can. We have limited strength, so it's only natural that we rely on weapons. What other firearms can an individual wield besides a gun?"
　"Hmmm. That means that humans are not suited for fighting, right? So why do you fight?"
　"......, I guess so. I remember when I was a kid, my family was killed. I was going to get my revenge, so I dug out my gun and got good at shooting."
Oh, yeah, that's a common story.
　I tried to laugh, "Yeah, it happens all the time," but I couldn't get it right. I've never been able to fake a laugh before.
　"But family means the same species, right?　I've never heard of any human species other than you over here."
　"I never told you. I was born in Westland. On that side of the Great Fault."
　"Westland is ...... the continent that was erased by the black Aristotle?"
　"Surprised, she fell silent. I was a kid of about twelve or thirteen when the whole of Westland was scorched away."
　That was almost seven years ago.
　"By the way," she said, "Are you still doing that job?
　"I am. There are no other jobs for a half-assed person like me. I don't want to be protected as a rare species. I'm not going to ...... complain again, are you? I'm not a fan of the 'I'm a fool' attitude. Don't worry about it, it's ridiculous."
　"I do care. I don't care if someone else does it. I don't care if other people do it. I'm just so mad that you, of all people, are killing angels every day. Why are you hunting angels?"
　--- Because I'm inflected.
　"It's my job, I can't help it."
　I say, turning away. She looked at me coldly, seeing right through me.
　"I know," she said. "You've stopped thinking. That's why you don't suffer. But instead you don't have fun. You don't dwell on the memories of the past. You're like a machine that you use every day. So you need to be armed with logic, in the simplest sense of the word."
　The angel said with a discouraged look on his face. But what is wrong with machines? It is an illusion to think that they are good creatures as long as they have feelings.
　"What is it? You're being awfully involved today."
　"Of course I'm tangling with you. I'm not at all interested in you."
　"And a drunken heavenly creature is not a good image either."
　"What? I'm still a big draw in my hometown, you know."
　I was going to hold back, but she was drunker than me. I had intended to keep it down, but I got drunker than she did.
　The angel asked one last question.
　"Hey, why do you fight?"
　It's because I don't want to die.
　"Then why don't you want to die?"
　Probably because I want to live.
　"Why do you want to live?"
　That's easy.
　Nothing good has ever happened to me.
　"That's what ...... is all about. You're such an immature creature, you can't live without reason."
　And so she left the table first.
　But it can't be helped. The world was destroyed once because human beings lived by instinct. Arming ourselves with pessimistic logic is the only punishment left for those who remain.
［＃改ページ］