　　　４／After Images


　I scrambled through the noisy city crowd and came back to my room.
　The angels are still here, undeterred.
　The season will soon be winter. The temperature will break through the freezing point, and soon the city will literally freeze over.
　But I was no longer willing to spend my second winter in this city.
　"The city has been very noisy lately."
　The angel mutters as he looks down on the cityscape from his window.
　Large, bigger than a little girl, the windows looked like the windows of an association seen in a picture book.
　The angel with golden hair and white wings looks downcast and sad. The cityscape and two secateurs in the window behind her were faintly smoking, like a mirage.
　......In a world where everything is gray. Only this angel was as beautiful as a nightmare.
　The angel looks down on the far earthly landscape.
　The city was now crowded with humans trying to escape.
　"Um. What are you all doing?"
　"That was a city-wide move. A 3,000-meter-long flying Aristotle is going to destroy the area next to ours. I've calculated his route and he'll be passing through this city in about three days."
　"My, on top?"
　"That's right over our heads. Maybe he'll collide with Sekaiju. Either way, it's going to destroy everything underneath it. No wonder the city's residents are running for cover."
　"Oh, so that's why you are all so desperate."
　The heavenly angel mutters as he gazes vaguely at the ground.
　I started to pack up my belongings with the stunned angel standing by my side. I shoved my winter clothes, warm clothes, personal air makers and some guns into my bag. I decided to leave the rest of my belongings here.
　"Are you going, too?"
　"I don't want to die. But not right now. I'll leave alone when all the commotion downstairs has died down."
　The angel's eyes were downcast with disappointment. The angel looked terribly alone, only because he had always been so bright and pointless.
　"...... I'm going to ask you for the last time. What the hell were you?"
　The angel replies haha, without tension.
　All I know is that this guy is not a real angel.
　So --- I wanted to at least know who they were, for the last time.
　The angel replied simply.
　"I am the thing you call Aristotle."
　Didn't you know?　What eyes the angel looked at me with.
　Aristotle. The ones that suddenly appeared on this planet and became enemies of all life forms, without exception. Unmeasurable monsters, whose ecology as a life form is not even certain, let alone their means of communication.
　That it was in a cheap apartment room in a deserted tower in a small town like this, in the form of an angel, playing guitar, is not even funny. How dare God prepare a damnation that every species of life on earth was not suited for such a creature. ......
　"Really, you?"
　"Good grief, it's the ground of this city, to be precise. The thing that was me was shot down and fell here. It died instantly. Then trees sprouted over the body, and human beings began to live here."
　The angel speaks. This planet no longer has the power to nurture life. Therefore, greenery cannot sprout, but it can sprout if the earth that serves as the foundation is not a star but a living organism.
　"Originally, I am not such a thing, but I became so. What you are calling Sekaiju is the wing of the thing that was me. Sekaiju's leaves...... well, I mean, they are the wings of wings. The feathers that fell down were in the form of the thing that used to be me. Originally, the thing that was me is that kind of invasive ecology. It is an angel that is widespread on this planet, nay."
　"Still, you look like an angel."
　"I am your illusion. The body of the thing that was me died, but the will of the thing that was me seemed to be alive. However, the thing that was me did not have the concept of will. The species on this planet has a very good ability to give form to its intelligence. The intelligence that the thing that was me had but did not use took shape with you as its role model.
　I am an angel because the closest image to the form of the thing that was me was an angel. By becoming so, I was able to think the same way as everyone else, with whom I would normally never be able to communicate. I became me by becoming the illusion of an angel."
　By becoming a phantom, the angel detached himself from Aristotle. By ceasing to be himself, he was able to recognize himself for the first time as a strange life.
　...... already a nobody, the embodiment of the image people once had of angels.
　"Happy, are you?"
　The angel nodded yes, happily.
　She was nowhere to be found.
　Only the illusion is here.
　"---I see. I guess angels can only be in illusions."
　I suddenly remembered the definition of an angel.
　It has wings, it has rings, it is beautiful, and it is nothing more than an illusion---an illusion.
　After all, the things that bring salvation are just delusions.
　When I thought of that, the angel replied ruefully that it was so.

　　　　　◇

　"I wish I was a real angel."
　He looked much more angelic than a real angel, and one day, he muttered something like that.
［＃改ページ］