　　　５／How A Star Is Born


　In a sea of clouds stained with gray sunlight, a huge cross in the sky disappears into the distance.
　The slightly off-track sole disappeared from view, raining judgment down on the ground.

　--- The battle, it seems, is over.

　The plane carrying me was still rising above the troposphere.
　It rises slowly. There is one large hole in the side of the plane.
　The wounded iron bird no longer listens. It just keeps flying until it rots away, like the yume of all winged things.
　Eventually, I will break through the gray sea of clouds and reach the stratosphere. My body is not strong enough to breathe there. But I don't need to worry about that. There is no guarantee that my body will be alive by the time I reach the stratosphere.
　He lowered the sniper rifle he was holding and leaned against the wall.
　The hanger door was left open. The cold air flowed in as it had done sometime ago, and we had a good view down to the ground.
　A colorless land without color. Even the distant sea is colorless.
　It is a world dead to perfection.
　And yet. The steel-colored world was still too precious to blot out my vision.

　　　　　…

　Five years ago, I saw this kind of scenery.
　The enemy that cut through the clouds that day was more beautiful than anything else. It had two wings and a form somewhat similar to a human. I shot at it, which resembled an angel. The bullet, which was no bigger than a pea to the angel, bit into its forehead and killed it.
　At that moment. The moment I pulled the trigger, my eyes met his through the scope. There was no communication. That was the only fact.
　And yet, I kept dreaming of it falling into the sea of clouds forever.

　　　　　…

　The angel on board the plane woke up. One of its wings, which had once been a pair, was cruelly torn off.
　As a high-ranking species of subalterns, she was naturally sent on this mission and jumped in here with wounds all over her body.
　It was only a brief feather break, but no luck. When she opened the hanger door and came in, the plane, which was too close to the cross, was hit by an arrow of light.
　The light punched through her wings and fuselage, taking away the plane's electronic brain and even her consciousness.
　Now a few minutes later. The comatose angel slowly awoke.
　Good morning, she said, and turned to the view outside. In the far distance, the thing called Aristotle disappears.
　I told the stunned angel only that we were wiped out and that the operation was a success.
　The angel approaches, delighted. Unable to get up, she came with her hands and feet, and her hands slipped with a pitter-patter sound.
　My blood, which I splattered on the floor, turned into a puddle and stained the angel's body red.
　"When I... pushed you?"
　He did not answer the angel's question, but just looked at the outside scenery.
　The plane rises above the clouds that never ceased.
　The sky I saw for the first time in my life was different from the facts I knew from books.
　"The sky is red."
　I repeated a phrase I had heard somewhere and lost strength in my arms. The black gun falls to the floor.
　"The black gun. I knew it, you were the human who corrupted the bird."
　"...... Well. That's what the world thinks. But I guess I ran out of luck then. That's why we're in this mess."
　"You're an idiot. You were defending me."
　"I don't have a choice. It's not a good awakening to have a beautiful woman shrivel up in front of you."
　He uttered a terribly theatrical line. It was so quirky and funny that I couldn't help but smile.
　It doesn't suit me, she laughed too.
　Without even looking at each other's profile, we laughed. It was a small, weak, gentle voice.
　"You've changed. You weren't this honest before. Was it true what they said about you being with someone else?"
　......I wonder if such a thing really existed. If it was a fake angel, it is probably still in his room waiting for his return.
　Angels, they say, heal the mind, not the body.
　"But that's not true. I'm not going to change who I am because of someone else. I've been this way from the beginning. I'm a good person at heart, just pretending to be cold. Haven't you noticed?"
　"Oh, my, did you?"
　"Oh, yeah. When I was a kid, I even wanted to be a hero, man. I guess I'm still that way because I'm still immature. Go on, ......, so go now. You can still get one wing down to earth now. You don't have to stay with me."
　She stood up and gave him a curiously stern look.
　"Are you sure?　Until the end, alone."
　"I told you. I like to keep up appearances. I want to be a hero. And I want to be alone at the end of the day. ---I've been alone my whole life."
　I think the unaccustomed made-up laugh went rather well.
　Perhaps the best of my lifetime.
　"Well, goodbye."
　Flapping only one wing, she flew away.
　They were like angel fish swimming in a sea of red.

　　　　　◇

　I got up and went to the cockpit.
　Without knowing what I was doing, I tried to fix the broken autopilot.
　If our luck still holds, it will end differently.
　As I closed my eye lids and fell asleep, I heard a voice in my ear.
　"Why did you fight?"
　"Well, that's because I don't want to die."
　"Why, didn't you want to die?"
　"Well, that's because I want to live."
　"If ....... Why did you want to live?"
　It's easy. It's ------
　At the end of memory.
　Only the answer was different than before.
［＃改ページ］