　　　６／Glitter Love


　　　　　◇

　The day he was about to leave town, he was grabbed by a military emissary by mistake.
　Someone who remembered the old story from five years ago registered me for this operation.
　When I returned to the room to retrieve the black barrel I had discarded, the angel was still in the room.
　"Are you going to fight that thing?"
　"I hear that. The knights are getting together and the military is very motivated. At the very least, they're going to change the flight path of the cross. If that's all, well, there's no chance."
　"Impossible. You all don't understand the thing called Aristotle. That thing is not a creature of this planet. There is no way to win."
　"It's not nothing. We've already beaten three Aristotle's. If we have more strength than them, we can't beat them. If we have more power than them, we can beat them."
　"I doubt that. They are incompatible with the common sense of this planet. That's why they don't even have the concept of death. They are things that will not stop working until they fulfill their purpose."
　"Purpose?　Did you guys have one?"
　"Yes. It is not our own thing, but it is there. Kare et al. flew in to fulfill the wishes of the stars. ...... This star has died out with the life that inhabits itself. The star itself is not pessimistic about its own death. It is a 'good thing' that it is being destroyed by the life forms that have arisen on the planet. For it is only the will, not the meaning, that is in the star.
　But an exception has been made. The star forgives the species that destroyed itself because it shares the same fate with the star. And yet, the human species is still alive in a land where even the stars have died out. Terrified of what continues to live on top of its own death, the star called for help at the end of its life. Please exterminate the species that still lives."
　"...... I see. That's what you guys are doing."
　The angel shook his head no at the words he muttered.
　"Only a star that is still of the same species can heed the help of a star. I, no, we are the highest species on the planet, selected from other celestial bodies that have heeded the will of this star. To use a familiar example, the thing that was Aristotle ...... me, called the celestial corpse, was the best individual on Venus."
　"What, because ......?"
　I gulped. Is our enemy the only species of life at the top of the anomalous phylogenetic tree of another celestial body? The strongest life on that celestial body is, in turn, the celestial body itself. The human species that has survived on this planet, in other words, has been dealing with eight planets themselves.
　"---Oh, well, that's no way to win."
　Yes," nodded the angel apologetically.
　"And it's that one that's right. Damn ....... If only we had accepted the 2,000th year prophecy, humans could have ended up as victims."
　"No, it's not. ......!　It is Aristotle who is at fault. They don't have the will. Isn't it wrong to extinguish life when there is no will?"
　So said the angel who had learned common sense on this planet.
　But there is no such thing as right and wrong on this planet anymore. The only rule against the law of opposites is that you live or you die.
　So --- having lived until now, I can't be on the side of death.
　"It's the same. There was no reason for me to fight. Maybe there won't be in the future. We are equal in that we kill each other for no reason. This is the simplest way of life, isn't it?
　The angel does not answer.
　"What about you? Just because we have the same goal, that cross and you are two different things, right?　Then your body will be destroyed, as will this whole city. When we said you died instantly, that was our way of saying it. I don't think death on this planet applies to life forms on other celestial bodies. You can actually move now, can't you?"
　The angel nodded and shook his head.
　"No, no. If I move, the outer skin of my wings will shatter. All the leaves of the Sekaiju, as you all call them, will scatter. Then countless angels will descend. If that happens, we will all die before Aristotle comes."
　With a dark look on his face, the angel said.
　...... Indeed. The number of leaves on the two trees that could reach the sea of clouds far exceeds the total number of human species in existence. The hundreds of millions of angels released would cover the surface of the planet in the blink of an eye.
　"But you'll die for it."
　"It's okay. Because I am you all. I am only an illusion that has been created."
　"That's just giving you knowledge. You're not like us. You're not like us. We're just an easy decoration for you. Just take it off and go light."
　The angel laughed sadly and, still, shook his head.
　"You're a cuss, you know that?"
　"Yes, I know. But you don't have a choice.
[# with ground] --- I liked it here."
　With tears in her eyes, the angel said with satisfaction.
　And what kind of objection am I supposed to make to that?
　"...... I see. Well, that's not a good idea."
　When I nodded yes, the angel stared at me. The ...... sincere gaze silently asked me, "Who are you?　She asked me, "What are you doing?
　"I'm going to die soon. I don't think it would be a bummer if you taught me that much as a reward."
　......The very bee that came to this planet said so irresponsibly.
　I answered with my pack on my back.
　"Yeah, okay, I'll fess up. I love ...... and I love this town. Besides---from that moment on, I've been obsessed with you."
　"What?" the angel opened his eyes in surprise.
　"---Oh, um, what does that mean?"
　"I guess that means I've been in love with you ever since. I realize that now, too."
　When I said this with abandon, the angel's face lit up and he immediately turned over.
　"But I am not human."
　The angel was now aware of such a thing.
　...... at all. You're not a cusser, really.
　"You know what? I'm the only human being in this world. What the hell does that matter?"
　"Oh, yes, indeed," the angel nodded in admiration.
　There is nothing more to say. As the time approached for me to be summoned by the military, I walked out.
　"Well then. Next time, go to someone who has a better dream than mine. Then you'll be a real angel."
　--- because the illusions I have are somehow distorted.
　When I finally turned around and said, No, the angel replied, with a calm look on his face.
　"There are no real angels. I'm a fake, and I'm fine with that."
　He said that illusions remain illusions.
　I left the room, satisfied that that was the way it was.

　Only my sister's guitar and a fake angel remained in the room.


［＃地付き］サークル「TYPE-MOON」発行　　
［＃地付き］同人誌「月姫読本」所収
［＃改ページ］


　　　「Notes.」用語解説［＃底本下段に配置］